Update FLEDGE services timeline (#3543)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/blog/fledge-service-overview/index.md

By implementing a cloud service, adtechs can securely store data for their use
and keep it up-to-date as the ad campaign progresses.

> The [FLEDGE Key/Value service](https://github.com/WICG/turtledove/blob/main/FLEDGE_Key_Value_Server_API.md) that is TEE-based has been [open sourced](/blog/open-sourcing-fledge-key-value-service/), and the source code can be found in the [Privacy Sandbox Github Repository](https://github.com/privacysandbox/fledge-key-value-service).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The TEE-based [FLEDGE Key/Value service](https://github.com/WICG/turtledove/blob/main/FLEDGE_Key_Value_Server_API.md) has been [open sourced](/blog/open-sourcing-fledge-key-value-service/).
```

for the Key/Value service, which will need to be migrated to TEEs in the future.
The BYOS model is not in scope for [Bidding and Auction services](https://github.com/privacysandbox/fledge-docs/blob/main/bidding_auction_services_api.md).

> To ease the migration from the BYOS model, we're providing new [open source APIs, documentation, server implementation, and explainers](/blog/open-sourcing-fledge-key-value-service/) for the FLEDGE Key/Value service with additional capabilities beyond those already proposed. The APIs intend to allow custom scripts and adtech-defined code which can be run on TEEs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ease the migration from the BYOS model, we're providing new [open source
APIs, documentation, server implementation, and explainers](/blog/open-sourcing-fledge-key-value-service/)
for the FLEDGE Key/Value service with additional capabilities beyond those
already proposed. These APIs intend to allow custom scripts and
custom code by adtechs, which can be run on TEEs.
```

Chrome and Android will be open sourcing a Key/Value service so that adtech
platforms can monitor development and potentially contribute to the data
plane’s codebase.

#### Timeline

> Adtech platforms who have implemented the BYOS model can consider migrating to a TEE-based Key/Value service implementation while FLEDGE is still in development. In the long-term, adtechs will need to use the open source FLEDGE Key/Value services running in trusted execution environments (TEEs) for retrieving real-time data. To ensure that the ecosystem has sufficient time to test, we don’t expect to require the use of the open-source Key/Value services or TEEs until sometime after third-party cookie deprecation. We will provide substantial notice for developers to begin testing and adoption before this transition takes place.

Reviewer: This was discussed for a long time, and I don't feel comfortable making this change at 
```suggestion
Adtech platforms who have implemented the BYOS model can consider migrating to
a TEE-based Key/Value service implementation while FLEDGE is still in
development.

In the future, adtechs will need to use the open source FLEDGE Key/Value services
running in trusted execution environments (TEEs) to retrieve real-time data.
To ensure that the ecosystem has sufficient time to test, we don’t expect to
require the use of the open-source Key/Value services or TEEs until sometime
after third-party cookie deprecation. We will provide substantial notice for
developers to begin testing and adoption before this transition takes place.
```

Author: Synced offline

for the Key/Value service, which will need to be migrated to TEEs in the future.
The BYOS model is not in scope for [Bidding and Auction services](https://github.com/privacysandbox/fledge-docs/blob/main/bidding_auction_services_api.md).

To ease the migration from the BYOS model, we're providing new [open source APIs,
documentation, server implementation, and explainers](/blog/open-sourcing-fledge-key-value-service/)
for the FLEDGE Key/Value service with additional capabilities beyond those
already proposed. These APIs intend to allow custom scripts and
custom code by adtechs, which can be run on TEEs.

Chrome and Android will be open sourcing a Key/Value service so that adtech
platforms can monitor development and potentially contribute to the data
plane’s codebase.

#### Timeline

> Adtech platforms who have implemented the BYOS model can consider migrating to a TEE-based Key/Value service implementation while FLEDGE is still in development. In the long-term, adtechs will need to use the open source FLEDGE Key/Value services running in trusted execution environments (TEEs) for retrieving real-time data. To ensure that the ecosystem has sufficient time to test, we don’t expect to require the use of the open-source Key/Value services or TEEs until sometime after third-party cookie deprecation. We will provide substantial notice for developers to begin testing and adoption before this transition takes place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adtech platforms who have implemented the BYOS model can consider migrating
to a TEE-based Key/Value service implementation while FLEDGE is still in development.

In the long-term, adtechs will need to use the open source FLEDGE
Key/Value services running in trusted execution environments (TEEs)
for retrieving real-time data. To ensure that the ecosystem has sufficient
time to test, we don’t expect to require the use of the open-source
Key/Value services or TEEs until sometime after third-party cookie
deprecation. We will provide substantial notice for developers to begin
testing and adoption before this transition takes place.
```

Reviewer: FYI that's just line breaks for my readability, no copy was changed.
